Ah, dudes. Welcome back to another game
of PickMe. Now, we've played this game
on the channel before and you guys
really liked it. If you've never seen it
before, uh, it's the ultimate meme
challenge game. All right. Me, Sunday,
Zod, Mitz, and Nico are going to be
playing this. Here's how it works. One
person is the writer, okay? They look at
all the cards in their hand and they
write a description about their card to
be like, "This reminds me of Zud's
butt." All right. And you put the card
down. Everybody else puts in a card that
reminds them of Zud's butt, too. And
then we try to guess which one was put
in by the writer. For every person the
writer fools, they get a point. or if
they fool everybody cuz their hint's
bad. They don't get any points. Uh but
if you fool somebody else and they guess
your card, you get a point. There's a
whole bunch of other math that goes into
it, too. But basically, you're trying to
be sneaky liy little meme guy. All
right? And uh if they pick you, you get
points. And you know what I need? I need
you guys to pick the like button and
pick the subscribe button. Okay? I need
those things. I'm trying to get to 2
million subs. And then let's go see if I
can pick all these idiots memes and
become a champion.
All right. Welcome back to Pick Me. Uh,
this is the game where we try to use
memes and dreams uh in our uh sense of
humor to get somewhere. That's the name.
I'm going to play this game. Okay. So,
Sunday, uh, you're going to write it.
All right. You're writing the meme.
We're going to put ours down and you're
going to pick your favorite. All right.
It's It's a little like apples to
apples. It's a little like Chameleon.
It's a little like Filian. It's World of
Tanks, right? Yeah. It's a lot like
World of Tanks. Thanks, son. I will come
over there and slap the witch hat off
you. I will. Is this an ad? Oh, yeah.
Oh, am I looking at my cards? No, no,
you can't throw things anymore. How do I
know what word I'm typing? It It's like
the theme for the round.
It's chameleon cuz then you're going to
put one in too. So, it has to be like
we're trying to find yours. Okay. So, it
like describes yours, but it's like
vague enough that we get picked. We're
trying to like fool people. It's not
like apples apples at all except for the
part where it's like apples. I don't
know.
Oh god. You don't want your card to get
chosen when you write mint. That's what
it is. Okay. All right. There is one
card that I have.
Well, if you play it win, we'll blur it.
Why?
I'm just going to see which card speaks
to me in the moment. It's like so easy.
It's so straightforward. I'll have you
know I've never lost one of these games
before. There we go. Okay. Never won one
either. Why' I get negative one point?
You You took too long. I think I think
you literally ran the timeout. Yeah, I
think you literally just I wrote a word
down. I don't I think the time ran out.
Same tab. Why I can't? It pulls up a
menu for me. Wait, what? It pulls up a
scoreboard for me. It pull It just makes
What is happening? Are we different
versions of the game? I don't really Oh,
how do I click send this before?
How do I click send? Hit enter. I don't
know. What do you mean?
What am I saying? It didn't work. Pick a
card. Pick a card. You typed it in chat.
Oh, I didn't mean to. All right. So, the
thing is zombie apocalypse. So now we
pick a card that fits. Oh, and you have
to pick a card. Oh, I get it.
Okay. Okay. I I pull one down. All
right. I activate my trap card. I throw
it in there. Okay. Okay. No, this is
this is good. So, you want to put in a
card that could be a zombie apocalypse.
So, we pick it. The lie thing. Got it.
Okay. Now, we have to find the card that
Nico put in when he wrote zombie
apocalypse. Oh, man. Okay. No, that's
simple. It's definitely that one. Yeah,
it has to be. It has to be.
It has to be. Who hasn't picked one? I'm
going to I'm going to go for a different
one.
Fell away.
Oh, wait. What? Wait, I got it. Three
points. Two people picked me. Oh my
gosh. Okay, so now people get points. If
you fooled somebody, uh, I got zero
points for being deceived by a
trickster. Myth got four. Why did you
get it? Oh, cuz Myth guessed correctly.
Got it. Y I'm the best. Sure. Okay. Uh
let's see. Uh uh next time we should
watch the video before I get it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Great. Here we go. Pick a
card for him. You send it out. Easy. Dr.
Jones. Dr. Jones.
What in the Bmer? Dude, what? It's um
Who's Dr. Jones? Who isn't Dr. Jones,
Nico? I'm googling it. It's nothing.
It's not a reference to anything. I
don't 70 away. Rock Jones was sung by
Aqua.
Sure. Oh, wait. But we don't want to
guess Sigils is right. No, we do.
So, why would you make it up? But it's
probably that one. Oh gosh, this is
hard, right? This is difficult, right
guys? This is going to be difficult.
Yeah, we did it. We all got one point.
We did it. That was tough. We all get
two points. What? None of you picked
Nico, dude. I thought Nico would have B.
Whatever.
No. Cool. That's fine there. Cool. So
now,
dude, Mits is crushing even Nico, the
undisputed champion. What do we by one?
So going up. Okay.
I like the the sound of Myths panicking.
Uh um you want
Okay. Um, how do I Okay, now click the
card you want to use. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Oh, I get it. Hide. Hide. Oh.
Um, who farted? It was It was It was
That sound like a Z one. I didn't fart.
I I'm honest when I do. Why do you Okay,
sigils. It was you. No. There we go. All
right. There we go. There we go. Easy.
Okay. That was me. That was him.
Oh. Ooh, there's a few that are pretty
that are pretty good. You know what? I
picked this one. I picked this one.
Pooky. I picked this one. Wait, this
one's tough. No. What? You did this one.
Who's the idiot? Okay, never mind. You
guys did great. Destroyed. Three points.
Look who's back. Back again. I don't
think you only got one point, idiot. I
got two. You don't count. Three points
for finding the writer. Let's go. And
then we move towards the center. I don't
understand this game anymore. Oh, I got
plus four. That's good. All right. Okay.
I'm literally winning. All right, Z
right away. Cutie. Um,
why are you giggling?
Editor's going to have to do some work.
Okay. Yay. Oh, stare with these glasses.
So, we know which ones that is. Yeah.
Yeah, we know which ones that is. Yeah.
Oh, yeah. No, you don't know that. I
think we do.
Inappropriate.
Great. Mhm.
But you can't pick mine cuz it's going
to get blurred.
You can't pick it. No, that's how it
works.
Three points and one for That's three
points for that. I got four. Let's go.
Making a comeback. There we go. Bart
poopy butt dingle.
You know what? Let him cook, dude. You
know what? I don't know why he's here.
Um, okay. Question. If you don't get my
card, I get points. Let's see if I found
this system.
That's not a question. That was actually
like a statement. But yeah.
Hey, don't I don't know what I hate. I
hate it. This is not how we should play
this game. That's crazy. I just wanted
to see how it works. And I won't play
like
No. Who guessed me, you idiot? Ah, it
was me. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Two of
them.
We got points except for Ian. I got
three points. Yeah, I got four. That was
good. I Wait, no. Yeah, I got four. I'm
now 11 down.
Eco, can you write a good hint? You
probably can't. M. Look at me. Mits,
look at me. Oh, sorry. He probably
can't. Ian, you ruined this. You've
ruined this. He might be cooking with
what he did. No. No. There's I actually
have a good one.
[Music]
This is a tough choice, huh? Mhm. If I
fight it again, then I'm I'm winning off
of nonsense. Barley fin is a type of
dinosaur. Yeah, why do I do, too? It's
not mine. Okay. No, this is banned. We
are not playing like this. Wait, I don't
get any points cuz no one guessed mine.
Good. Wait, that's bad. Oh, that's how
they punish you. Oh. Oh, so I got lucky
by you picking mine. Yes. Yes. Yes.
You know what? Good job, game makers.
You stopped my idiot friends. No. Type
out. Okay, let's Mitch and I were not
doing anything bad other than putting
up. I said idiot friends. That's plural.
It doesn't mean all of you. Song by Aqua
that came out in 2018. Let's see. Uh,
can you do an actual hint instead of us?
Yeah, I got you.
I can't wait for the subar hint. Okay.
You know what? You know what? You know
what? It's going to be some like Chad
GPT thing that he writes his book with.
Hey, it's not true. You can't say that
out loud. That one will get sugar. Prove
it. I saw a review and that's that's
what they said.
Dead. What? Dead.
Okay. I mean,
I got it. Okay. I'm I'm guessing on the
contents of this deck. We'll see.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Huh. Pretty dead with this one.
Oh, wow. Bro, what?
That's insane. We all commented out, but
like what?
We can read you like a That's insane. I
had another card that two more cards
that could have also been that. There
were like three dead bodies and then you
all chose mine. That makes no sense.
How do we play this? I'm not helping.
[Music]
Oh, these are some good ones. What? This
is literally the same as what I did.
Good ones. I'm doing this one. I'm doing
this one, bro.
What the heck? Are you kidding? Hey,
wait. That's a good score for set, I
think. No, for mids. Yeah, because
because Mids fooled one person. I think
Mid gets max points. Thank you. I got
four. Mid's got three. Bro, bro, this is
insane. How did you all know that?
There's no way that you should all know
that, dude. We're in cahoots right now.
Uh, you're not in the group chat. Wait,
how do you play this game? I'm not
helping. Yeah, the antiig sigils club is
going strong right now and I don't
appreciate pee on my puzzle.
Oh, good hint. Good hint. I said a good
hint. I thank you guys. Thank you.
That was my fastest submission. Yeah.
No, I actually weirdly have one for
this.
Wait, did I lowkey cook on this one? No,
you did not. Yeah. No, that was a good
hint. Ooh,
wait.
It could be all of these. Wow. Yeah, but
like not in a good way.
It's definitely top left, but I didn't
vote for that.
Okay, top right is typo. I found it. How
does that Let's go. That was my second
guess. My puzzle. I don't Oh,
my puzzle was pretty good. It wasn't. It
wasn't. You got You got zero, by the
way. Thanks. Thanks. No, I get it. I
just It's not Sunday's writing, by the
way. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you,
Marissa. Thank you. Whoa. Of course,
Andrew. The whole name drop. All right.
God, you're next. Keep it together,
Alan. Chill. No.
I don't like you. Why did I put a random
space?
That's me. That's why I was like, forget
old. Listen, this game is is a small
indie developer. They're not used to
spaces. There we go.
French girl. Oh, paint me like one of
them. Easy. Yes. Yes. No. Yes. Um, yeah,
that's going to be it.
I had a funny joke, but I decided not to
do it. Had a funny joke. I don't know
about this one, though.
Now we're cooking. Now we're It's got to
be. It's got to be. It's got to be.
Makes me like one of your French girls.
I fooled somebody. There we go. Back on
the board. Back on the board. Wait, do I
get any points for that? Uh, yeah. No,
that's three. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, dude.
Everybody's so far. 22.
I'm at 17. Calm down. I know, but
everyone's so far ahead of me. Nico,
right? Better, please. Okay. Good hint,
Nico. Good hint. I already know the card
I'm going to play. Yeah. Do you? Do you
miss? I already have it.
Sports. Sports.
You're so boring.
How's that boring? Sports. Sports. Cuz
you've never played one. That's not
true. He plays plays the sport of buddy.
Darts doesn't count.
Why are two Why are three of these in
cars? Yeah. I don't know. Cuz those are
sports. Sports. Sports.
It really could be anyone's game here.
Hey, Nico. That's a little on the nose.
Is that good? No. That's good. I should
get points for that. No, that's a bad
hint. No points for you. I don't think
Nico gets the game. Yeah, I don't think
so. No,
he's he's conf he's conferring with
this. Mhm. Mhm.
I have dyslexia. Isn't that how it's
spelled? No. Uh, yeah. Okay. Thanks. Oh,
this is a horrible scene. Oh, I I
cooked. This is a cooking poking and
smoking.
Oh. Oh,
okay. Bottom left is a spy movie. So
you're dumb. True. That is mission.
Bottom left is a love movie. I don't
know. There's either bottom right or
bottom middle. I was terrified of his
ex's. It has to be that one.
Oh, wow.
Yes. Give me that. Yes. I don't get it.
I don't either. I think I get good
points. Good points. Good hint. Good
hint. Sigils. Good hint. Good hint. Good
hint, sigils. Oh, yeah. Three points.
I'm getting zero points. So, it's not
good for me. Get zero again. Uh-oh.
Uh-oh. He's catching up. Hurry. Okay.
Wait. We've already gotten these cards.
Uh, it happens.
What? Um, let's do Okay. Oh, Mint is
cooking. Light. Okay. Do you guys know
what that means? No. No. Okay. Oh, that
was an easy one for me. Yeah, that was
actually Wait, I'm in. I'm all in. Deal.
Deal me in and deal me down. You know,
I'm just not getting good cards. I don't
like that.
Okay, let's see. I don't know. Oh. Oh,
wow.
Wow. I think I know. It could be any one
of these. Any one of these.
Yo, can we find it?
What? Nope. But I too sunlight. That's
the light. Sorry, but you like my
magnifying glass. Does that make sense?
Give me my points. Okay, that's okay.
Yeah, I got three. I got three.
Zero points for giving a bad hint. I'm
so undeserving. I thought it was good.
Wait, I'm bringing it back now, y'all.
I'm only one behind mitts and six behind
Zud. Zud, it's your round.
Eling, please save me. This is not good.
Please, please, please, please. Okay.
Okay. Okay. No, that's an obvious one.
Wait, I actually I have a good one for
this.
Yeah, but your good one is kind of a bad
one. No, it's an excellent one. That's
what I've been saying.
And we're all in. Show me what you got.
Oh gosh. Uh, I think I know which one to
send in those. Oh yeah. Which one? Well,
I do know cuz I'm the guy.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a
minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. We
draw our own cards.
I choose this one.
Okay. Who said I see that one? Nico,
you're so dumb. Sorry. Oh, I I I got two
people though. Okay. Thanks. Thanks.
Okay. He like rebooted halfway through
that. Sundy, can you pick a hint? No,
I'm not in. You only got one point. This
is ugly stupid. I'm not ugly, stupid, or
still thinking about this. Why do you
have to think? Do you like minerals?
Don't worry about me. Okay.
[Music]
Do not say 50.
What are we playing to? Is that what you
said? Yeah. Uh, no. I muted and sneezed.
How come no one said bless you? Bless
you. Thanks, guys. Well, I was muted.
You should have known. Sorry.
Oh, I got the uh Okay.
Mhm. Mhm. No. Yeah, that was quick. That
was quick, man. Okay. Yep. Oh. Mhm. Oh,
yeah. That makes sense. Mhm. No, there's
a very clear one on this.
Oh, I know which one now.
I voted too quickly. Oh, idiot. Which
one? Tell me. I'm listening. Ah, listen.
It's so obvious. All right.
I almost clicked that one. Who didn't
vote? Who didn't? I'm confused. Okay.
Yeah.
What? Oh, on a farm. Dang it. Oh, yeah.
That's Max B for me.
For me, he was fighting Biff on a farm,
dude. Oh, he had a dream that he fought
me in on a farm map. Yep. He hates farm
maps, but also it's his dream to dunk on
you, so I really thought it was that
one.
Do some fun stuff. Okay. I don't know
that many words in English. Oh, okay. I
forgot it was your first language.
Sorry. Can we start playing in Spanish?
No. Sure. See, that was funny. I said
par French. We par
I know it. I know it. Oh, wait.
Is it not the bottom middle? Oh my god.
Thank goodness
good at this. What the sigma?
How was Nico undefeated in this game and
then just getting hooked today? Did you
like I forget how to play that day? How
play that day? We played two rounds. Is
easier if you just don't think I'm
writing. Okay. Um
[Music]
Can you write faster? Chad. Oh, I What?
It's not
vroom vroom. Vroom vroom. Mhm. Mhm. Oh,
there's so many options for that. No
way. There's not. There's so many
options. I know. So many options. So
many options.
Hurry up. Mai. Oh, did I not pick one?
It's okay. Hurry up.
You just you just went for me. I know.
Oh man.
I don't know.
I don't know either. I'm doing that one.
Yes. Sorry.
Okay, guys. Just think. Oh, wait. I'm
actually I'm actually all good, too. M.
Look, we made out like bandits. Give me
a point. You guys who got a point?
Wait, I said six. Oh, I thought I saw
eight. Okay. Why do you slow looking at
each other? Okay. Okay.
Okay. 43 away. Oh, 38 away. Oh, 32
31 10 9 8 I'm cooking. All right. All
right. I'm only
five ahead of Nico. Ro said he's
cooking. He's second to last. Yeah, I'm
cooking. No, no, no. Let me work. Let me
sigils.
Mhm. Mhm. So scared. Sigils. Mhm. Why is
he scared? Why is he scared?
I'm not scared of anything. I just
wanted to be different. I just wanted to
be different. I felt like my hints
before were too literal, you know? They
literally weren't.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
A lot of things that sigils could be
afraid of here. What do you think he's
afraid of?
Tomato.
Everyone knows he's scared of fruit.
Yeah. Wait, that's a vegetable. Do you
not like tomatoes? I actually do hate
tomatoes. So, you know what? You knew
it. Yeah, I knew it. That card had your
name on it. He's the kind that orders a
hamburger. He's like, "Excuse me, one
hamburger. Hold the tomato, please."
Yeah. Well, I say no tomato cuz who says
hold? I don't want him to hold it. Just
don't put it on there. Whatever you say.
You ever get a cheeseburger and say,
"Hold the cheese." No, I'm not a
psychopath. I just don't like tomatoes.
Poor. Very poor. What is this? What is
happening? Why are you scissors? Why are
you poor? Got the perfect card. I don't
Oh, wow. This is a fast round.
It's all ready to lock in, dude. Wow. We
were all locked in for this. Okay.
Okay.
[Music]
I have questions. I have some questions.
Is eating fast food. I get it.
That's three points for me. Why did you
go for sigil? That one, idiot. Yeah,
well cuz you know because that's him
trying to make some money. I coughed,
Steve. What color was it?
Blue orange.
You're 28 away. Shut up. No. No. Oh, I'm
writing. Oh, cool.
Oh, awesome. I'm only one behind mitts.
Okay.
Wait, I know what to do here. Oh no. No.
What do you know what to do here? Sounds
sound scared, Marissa.
Oh no.
Oh gosh. Was that good? Okay. Captain
Long,
there we I pressed the wrong button. Can
you pick a good hint?
All right. Uh, all out. Look at the
description. Sorry.
There we go. I got I got a good one for
all out. Oh no. Is this an ad? Yeah.
Hashtag ad, dude. What? Use code sigils
for 100 sparks?
Mhm. No, this
I know which one I'm voting for.
[Laughter]
No.
And that's three points for me. Wait,
why? Oh. Oh, I see why that one was all
out. Yeah,
I don't get it. Cuz it was a fish.
That's cuz we haven't recorded that one.
Yeah, we haven't recorded that one yet.
And I passed
second place and one behind Zut. Zut
swiggity smoothie. Am I in first? Can I
Can you hear? I press the wrong button.
You're kidding. No, my computer is so
broken right now. Wee Woo. I'm a baby.
We Okay. Uh, perfect. That's actually
not what it says. It says we Oh, my bad.
Ian just rage quit, dude. After we made
fun of All Out, that's my game is so
broken. My computer is so broken.
Every time I press space, it just closes
everything. Why do you have issues with
everything in my life? You have 25
million subscribers and two computers
that are terrible. I don't know how 24
million. Whatever. I'm by the time
How do I join back? I don't know that
you can. No, I need to.
No, I was winning. Let's see. Can I Can
I reinvite him? I'll try.
Guys, we can bring this back. It's like
we still hear him, right? Suny. Yeah,
right. Sundy. Hello. Function. Okay.
Yeah, guys. We can never make fun of All
Out again. Uh, a rabbi. Link in
description. Uh, why araba? Forever.
Abandoned by my dad. Why' you You're
what? No, that says abandoned by my dad.
It's with a British accent. Abundant by
my dog. Oh wow. Abundant. Yep.
Got it. You guys remember when Sun was
here? No. It's like It's like it was
just today. Abundant. Mama Dad. Oh wow.
Oh wow. Oh gosh. Oh wow. Oh man. There's
a lot to unpack here. Yeah.
Oh, interesting. Oh god. I bought
another one and one for me. Jesus won
points. Easy. Got some points for you.
Oh, wait. Two. How many points I got?
Okay, Sunundy. What should I do for my
hint? Four. And I got three. Well,
sounds like I'm still beating you. 25.
Let's see. That is 18 away. Oh my. Shut
up. Sorry. That could be second place
turn.
[Music]
All right, M. What do you got? I don't
know what this card is. Someone explain.
Oh, that's good. That's not bad. That's
a good one. That's a good one. That's
actually a pretty good one. Thank you.
Thank you.
We're just all going to pick our most
cards. Yeah, we're just going to be
weird cards. It's just going to be the
weirdest ones.
Ah, interesting. Okay. Well, I know
which one misses. No problem. No
question. No hesitation. No problem.
Yeah. Wait, how? Cuz that one's the
weirdest. That one was the weirdest.
But what is it? I can't explain. I don't
know. Dang it. It's a pharaoh. Uh, are
you sure? I got four points. I got four.
Shut up. You're still way behind me. No,
you have 15 and I have 20. I'm only five
behind you. I have to make that up now.
Oh, now he's 32 away, brother. You're 10
behind. I'm literally turning up right
now. Turn it up. I am in danger. Oh my
god.
That is my No, no, no, no, no, no. I
didn't do that.
Oh no. Oh no. Two, dude. It's down to
three. Oh no. No, I didn't. Oh gosh.
Um, everyone's in danger here.
This is good. Which one did Nico
accidentally throw? Uh, can you add me
to the game? No.
I can watch game. No. Easy.
[Music]
Uh, he's 15. I'm 18. I'm right behind
him. I'm in danger of my gut. Did you
just write Suds? But he's just copying
me. What? Do the one with the gat? Yep.
See, I did with the yacht. Obviously.
Obviously. Obviously. Something to think
about. Okay, I'll tell you guys which
one is sigils. Don't Okay, thank you. Uh
oh my Oh, I'm in danger. Oh my god.
Okay. Okay. Yeah. All right. Yeah. I
think I know which wheel. Oh. Oh,
yes. Wow. All right. Sorry. Sorry. I
didn't mean to lose my cool. Just was.
But I still get three points, so it's
high now. Wait. Wait. Sad. Oh, Zad. No,
we're not. I didn't know we could just
rage quit Sigils videos and then we
don't have to do them. Yeah. What the
heck? Wait. M is 16 away. Wait. M is
beating you now. Sizzles. Oh wow. Oh
wow.
I'll tell you what. 27 away. Sigils.
Sigils is typing help.
I just coughed. Are you sure?
Okay. What? No. Like that's fine. Sigils
is typing help. I'm a sad little man.
No. Don't type that.
He's going to say, "Oh, I'm in danger."
Oh my god. Okay. Help. I'm a sad little
man. Wait, how'd you know that? That's
crazy. You knew it ahead of time.
Listen, I had to I had to, you know,
shake it up. I could have said I was Oh
my god. In danger. Should have shake it
up. No, this is good. This is good.
Wait, we win, guys. We just won.
Thoughts on that?
Why do you
What? Which one? iPhone. Am I sus?
Boom. That's points for me. points for I
voted sigils. But it be it but I voted
sigles. How many points do I get for
fooling? This is more down to the wire
than last time when I get beat you guys
like Nico talking about the glory days.
Dude, I'm two behind. The good old days.
Two behind him. M is one behind me. What
the heck? And then Nico is here.
Honestly, Nico is that what you talk
about in St. Craft days? Can't say that
it
[Music]
computer. Oh, very good. Very good. Very
good.
Wait, should I have done that one? Dang
it. Should I have done that one? I don't
think it dang it. Dang it. Oh,
I think it's this one. A lot of good
options here. That was not correct.
Sigils, what do you mean? No. Well, I
didn't know. You didn't tell me it was
on fire.
Oh, thanks. Who bought it for me? Me.
Thanks, Dito. You're welcome. I got
zero. I got zero. That's three sleep
points for me. Thought it was a good
hint, man. A comeback. Oh man. 12. I'm
nine away. Is nine away. Said his nine
away. Guys, lock in. Lock in. Lock in.
Come on. Go. Come on. Lock. Thought he
gave a good hint. Oh,
Mitch. Get it together. You are failing
our best game ever. Yeah, you're a bad
pick. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. Why are
you shaking your head while you
Oh god. Oh god.
I should be allowed to place two cards
in. Okay. Deal. Son, can you message me
what card you choose? Uh, yes. What is
it? Mitz is back. What the heck? By the
way,
got it. Well, that's a good one to Thank
you. Thank you. Yeah. You see what I'm
cooking and schmooking? No, I knowing.
Okay, let's see. Oh, interesting. Oh, I
know it. Okay, got it. That was an
instant lock here, folks. Wow.
We just won.
Give it to me. What? Sigils. Wrecked.
Wrecked. Wait. What? The sigil. I got
two people. So that's what two points.
Let's see. But I'm going to get like
four. You got three. Four. Oh, I got
three points. I got four. You're six
away. I got zero. Is that good?
Two. You're two ahead. Okay. I got to
catch them now. I got to catch them now.
Yummy. My tummy. Oh, okay. I got it. It
doesn't say tummy. Stupid. Oh, stupid.
Okay. You're so stupid.
Oh, wow. I can't pick that. Oh, yeah.
No. No. No. No. You can't. Oh, yeah. I
can't.
Oh. Uh-huh. Okay. Egg. What's the
singing one? I don't. Egg and banana.
Egg and banana. Chicken. Banana.
I feel like dude,
dude. Dude, why would you say yummy
yummy in my yummy when it was like not
even any food? Nico,
what? Cuz there was That's why I didn't
say in my tummy. No, yours actually made
no sense. Three away. And how did how
did somebody get it? Okay, guys, don't
worry. I'm going to tell you what he's
typing. Okay, thank you. He's going to
lose because of this.
He's currently consulting with Chad GBT.
Hold on. I'm not 14 away from He's just
trying to find the keys on the keyboard.
Everyone knows his finger types inside
of Zud's butt brain. What? Oh god. And
I don't know. Brain box. Brain box. That
is a reference to that game that he
plays that has the magic box. Wait, this
is deep. I don't get it. I don't know
what Nico's talking about. Okay.
These are all in my brain.
Yeah. Well, I'm not really happy with my
answer.
Yeah. See, my answer
Oh, that's good. That's good. I'm
already sad. Wait, that's freaking good.
Uh, no. No. No. One. You got three. No.
Did I? Let's go, dude. I clutched it.
Away. They picked me. And you guys have
to pick the like button. Hit the like
button and the subscribe button if you
want us to play this again. That's 70
points. I'm going to study the strategy.